					RAD model:-

Rapid Application Development Model is a process of Software Development which focuses on rapid development
of project prototype.
In RAD model a project is develped as functional prototype which are intergrated to make a complete project.
It is important that we develop the prototypr as reusable.

Phases of RAD Model:


Business Modelling:
	The business model for the product under development is designed in terms of flow of information and 
	the distribution of information between various business channels. A complete business analysis is performed
	to find the vital information for business, how it can be obtained, how and when is the information processed
	and what are the factors driving successful flow of information.


Data Modeling:
	The information gathered in the Business Modelling phase is reviewed and analyzed to form sets of data 
	objects vital for the business. The attributes of all data sets is identified and defined. The relation between
	these data objects are established and defined in detail in relevance to the business model.


Process Modelling:
	The data object sets defined in the Data Modelling phase are converted to establish the business
	information flow needed to achieve specific business objectives as per the business model. The process model
	for any changes or enhancements to the data object sets is defined in this phase. Process descriptions for adding,
	deleting, retrieving or modifying a data object are given.


Application Generation:
	The actual system is built and coding is done by using automation tools to convert process and data models
	into actual prototypes.


Testing and Turnover:
	The overall testing time is reduced in the RAD model as the prototypes are independently tested during every
	iteration. However, the data flow and the interfaces between all the components need to be thoroughly tested with
	complete test coverage. Since most of the programming components have already been tested, it reduces the risk of any major issues.

Advantages:

	1) Change in requirement can be accepted.
	2) Progress of project can be measured.
	3) Components are developed as reuseable which decreases work load.
	4) Integration from very beginning solves a lot of integration issues.

Dis-Advantages:
 
	1) Complexity in management
	2) High Modeling Skills are Required
	3) Projects which can be modularized can be devveloped in RAD Model
	4) User involvement is required through out the life cycle