
			Waterfall Model

Advantages-

1. This model is simple and easy to understand and use.
2. It is easy to manage due to the rigidity of the model – each phase has specific deliverables and a review process.
3. In this model phases are processed and completed one at a time.
4. Phases do not overlap.
5. Waterfall model works well for smaller projects where requirements are clearly defined and very well understood.
6. The waterfall model determines the end goal early.
7. The waterfall model keeps a project to a specific timescale.


Disadvantages-

1. Once an application is in the testing stage, it is very difficult to go back and change something that was not well-thought out in the concept stage.
2. High amounts of risk and uncertainty.
3. Not a good model for complex and object-oriented projects.
4. Poor model for long and ongoing projects.
5. Not suitable for the projects where requirements are at a moderate to high risk of changing.
6. It can invalidate the work we’ve previously accomplished.
7. This method excludes end-users and clients.
8. The waterfall model can promote longer delivery times.
9. It typically works better for small projects.




				V-Model

Advantages-

1. This is a highly disciplined model and Phases are completed one at a time.
2. Simple and easy to use.
3. Testing activities like planning, test designing happens well before coding.
4. This saves a lot of time.
5. Avoids the downward flow of the defects.
6. Works well for small projects where requirements are easily understood..
7. Easy to manage due to the rigidity of the model. Each phase has specific deliverables and a review process.

Disadvantages-

1. High risk and uncertainty.
2. Not a good model for complex projects.
3. Poor model for long and ongoing projects.
4. Not suitable for the projects where requirements are changing.
5. Once an application is in the testing stage, it is difficult to go back and change a functionality.
6. If any changes happen in midway, then the test documents along with requirement documents has to be updated.



